chore(random): adding randomness and stopOnFailure fields (#478)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: docs/pod-delete.md

    <td> Optional </td>
    <td> Defaults to 5s </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> RANDOMNESS </td>

>     <td> It can be set to true/false to inject the chaos after a random interval </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td> Introduces randomness to pod deletions with a minimum period defined by CHAOS_INTERVAL</td>
```
